We sent out the SOS call.
It was a quarter past four in the morning
when the storm broke our second anchor line.
Four months at sea, four months of calm seas to be pounded
in the shallows off the tip of Montauk Point.
They call them rogues, they travel fast and alone.
One-hundred-foot faces of God's good ocean gone wrong.
What they call love is a risk,
cause you will always get hit out of nowhere
by some wave and end up on your own.
The hole in the hull defied the crews attempts
to bail us out.
And flooded the engines and radio
and half buried bow.
Your tongue is a rudder.
It steers the whole ship.
Sends your words past your lips
or keeps them safe behind your teeth.
But the wrong words will strand you.
Come off course while you sleep.
Sweep your boat out to sea
or dashed to bits on the reef.
The vessel groans the ocean pressures its frame.
To the port I see the lighthouse through the sleet and rain.
And I wish for one more day to give my love and repay debts.
But the morning finds our bodies washed up thirty miles west.
They say that the captain stays fast with the ship
through still and storm.
But this ain't the Dakota, and the water is cold.
We won't have to fight for long.
(This is the end)
This story's old but it goes on and on until we disappear
(This is the calm)
Calm me and let me taste the salt you breathed while you were underneath
(We are the risen)
I am the one who haunts your dreams of mountains sunk below the sea
(After the storm)
I spoke the words but never
gave a thought to what they all could mean
(Rest in the deep)
I know that this is what you want
A funeral keeps both of us apart
(Washed up on the beach)
You know that you are not alone
I need you like water in my lungs
(This is the end)
This story's old but it goes on and on until we disappear
(This is the calm)
Calm me and let me taste the salt you breathed while you were underneath
(We are the risen)
I am the one who haunts your dreams of mountains sunk below the sea
(After the storm)
I spoke the words but never
gave a thought to what they all could mean
(Rest in the deep)
I know that this is what you want
A funeral keeps both of us apart
(Washed up on the beach)
You know that you are not alone
I need you like water in my lungs